I am fatigued creating these fat, boring sentences.  They are fat because they have too many words, so much so that my fingers get fatigued typing them.  Because I am fatigued, I have gotten bored typing this sentence.

A patient in an ambulance is being abused by an addict that is addicted to sugar.  Everyone looked at the patient and the addict and asked them cease fighting in the ambulance.  Both replied they could not because the patient was addicted to fighting.

When abuse happens in an ambulance, it should anger you.  Ambulance abuse can be funny, though.  When the abuse happens to the ambulance it is funny, but when it happens inside the ambulance, it is not funny and should anger you.

I am lazy and like quiet places.  Nothing is more relaxing than being lazy on a quiet day.  Hopefully, I will be able to enjoy many quiet lazy days in the next few months as summer approaches.

The alien activated his book and the book then contacted the other alien.  Both aliens put their books down and activated their mouths.  Then they both remembered they could not talk and picked their books back up.

If a gorilla were to go into a rage, it would be very dangerous.  Danger is obvious when in the presence of a raging gorilla.  Is danger obvious if the same gorilla were full of joy, I think not.  There is probably no danger in a joyful gorilla, unless the gorilla wants to play with you.

If a bird were to fly into a pillow, it would most likely have to be at a leisurely pace.  If the pace were to be higher than a leisurely pace, the bird may hit the pillow and get hurt.  I would not the bird to get hurt when it hits the pillow, so a leisurely pace it must be.

The acceptance of one’s achievements will lead to you being admired by others.  Admiration will not come from the achievements alone but from acceptance that it was you that accomplished that feat.  Once you accept the achievement was yours, next accept the admiration.

I desire to graduate.  I desire to be happy.  Perhaps that means I will be happy when I graduate.  I think I will be happy to graduate.  I also desire to have a Porsche, but I need to graduate first.  I will be happy in a Porsche after I graduate.
